Mr. Xu is the dragon among men
It's a pity that you have high armor and no eyeballs.
Did you forget
There's a bet between the two of us
I remember.
Now the chief has locked up the heart
And a word from Mr. Xu
It can control your 100 billion orders.
So think about that.
Who is better?
Miss Shen, I am willing to admit defeat
But if you like Xu Wenjie
Let him control our Gao family's order.
I don't quite admit how good he is
I dare say your family background of Mr. Xu
Our Shen family is in front of him
It's just Lou Ying
All right, everybody, please come back.
I'm going to rest.
How could that trash make Miss Shen praise so much?
How is that possible?
I think it must be because he was
Saved that Shen Wansan
The Shen family said this to give him face
Oh, Secretary Yuan is right
It must be so.
Xu Wenjie still knows medical skills
Could it be that Mrs. Hand was really cured by him?
Take me out of the car
Mr. Xu
You don't need to buy the car you need, Shenjia has it.
I want a hundred